# JointhePIT
Join the PIT team repository for Ethglobal Hackathon HackFS
Goal of Join the PIT

The goal of this Dapp is to allow users to be part of a real-world event through the Blockchain. user will arrive to our Website, which will have nice graphics showing a bottomless pit style with responsive mouse action. Front Page before login will be straight forward, Agreement of Room Host policy. Users will need to prove verification of access through back-end verify PIT token available in MetaMask Wallet. Thinking about launching on (Polygon MATIC network) but we could use the testnets Kovan for educational purposes before mainnet launch capabilties. 

user will receive PIT token from the Room Host that is hosting the virtual event. The Host is not allowed to participate in the virtual events, but a small allocation of winnings will go to Virtual Room Host. These could be private parties or Blockchain games like Zed Run. Host will start the event for live horsing racing. Users will select a spot at the table or couch or bar. 3 different zones that give out a different winning % ratio payout., 1 to 14 , 1to 3; 1to 6. users have no chance of knowing which spot will be randomly selected for the game, nor will there be no way of knowing the correlation to the host rules. For example, using Zed Run , if horse from lane 1 wins, that does not mean the user with the seat #1 is the winner. The random number genrator that will only selct from 1 thruough  12, which will correlate to the chart that gets randowly selcted to Pair each number with another number. for example 12 :: 3 Pair ; 1:: 5 ; pair, 6::2 pair. The number on the right is the Lane, but in the table the winner is Spot number 6. This will keep everything up to luck with zero strategy, so everyone coming in on the same level. The best thing about Joining the PIT, it could be anything that you use the 1 through 12 range for winnigns and table spots. For example, Trivia Game, you create the Chart in the Beginng to everyone knows the game, for example, who gets the answer the fastest, but the fastest may not be the right winner. it will be the pair to the actually winner. which could be 5 min or 5 sec answer. based on the 2 ::5 pair. 

The point is to create a room users will pick seat for chance at winning earnings on there bets, which we call Boost. 


Example : Random Number Generator Pair! 
https://numbergenerator.org/randomnumbergenerator/combinations-generator#!numbers=1&lines=1&low=1&high=18&unique=true&order_matters=false&csv=&oddeven=custom_odd&oddqty=10000000000&sorted=false&sets=1-12-1&addfilters=
